fix: add doctor diagnostic tests for v2 crypto (#939)
salesforcecli/plugin-auth: messages/diagnostics.md

# sfCryptoV2Support

> This CLI does not yet support v2 crypto. All plugins and libraries must use at least version 6.7.0 of `@salesforce/core` to support v2 crypto. This will not cause a problem with CLI authentication unless a v2 crypto key has been generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your current installation of Salesforce CLI, including all the plugins you've linked and installed, doesn't yet support v2 crypto. All plugins and libraries must use at least version 6.7.0 of `@salesforce/core` to support v2 crypto. You're generally still able to successfully authenticate with your current CLI installation, but not if you generate a v2 crypto key.
```

# sfCryptoV2Unstable

> This CLI is using v2 crypto without proper library support. This can cause authentication failures. Switching back to v1 crypto is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your current installation of Salesforce CLI, including all the plugins you've linked and installed, is using v2 crypto without proper library support, which can cause authentication failures. We recommend that you switch back to v1 crypto.
```

# sfCryptoV2Desired

> SF_CRYPTO_V2=true is set but v1 crypto is actually in use. This CLI supports using v2 crypto. If this is desired please follow the instructions in the docs (provide link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SF_CRYPTO_V2=true is set but v1 crypto is actually in use. Your Salesforce CLI installation supports using v2 crypto. If you desire this behavior, follow the instructions in the documentation (provide link).
```

> SF_CRYPTO_V2=true is set but v1 crypto is actually in use. Your Salesforce CLI installation supports using v2 crypto. If you desire this behavior, follow the instructions in the documentation (provide link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SF_CRYPTO_V2=true is set in your environment, but you're actually using v1 crypto. Your Salesforce CLI installation supports using v2 crypto. If you desire this behavior, follow the instructions in the documentation (provide link).
```
